[Instrumental] 
[17 October: 1893] 
Such grim musings as have been occupying my mind of late unfortunately seem 
to suggest a possible link to the fate of my learned friend and colleague 
Doctor Ignatius Stone. That brilliant researcher was last seen in command 
of all his faculties whilst on an expedition to the ruins of the Sumerian 
city of Ur, an undertaking which preceded my own work there by some eighteen 
months. Stone was a gifted archaeologist who also dabbled, perhaps unwisely, 
in certain areas of the occult, particularly involving the various 
grotesqueries once worshipped as Cthonic deities by the ancient denizens of Ur. 
Mere days before he ventured into the ziggurats of that foreboding, 
mystery-haunted site, he had dispatched a letter to me claiming that he was 
on the verge of a truly staggering arcane discovery at Ur which would 
simultaneously prove the cyclical nature of human civilisation as well as 
immediately render redundant all previous theories on the origin of man. 
Whatever misfortune befell him within those aeons-old tombs robbed him 
irrevocably of his sanity, for when his attendants finally managed to prise 
open the stone door of the vast central catacomb, which had, I'm told, 
inexplicably shut fast behind his three-man torch-bearing party, they found 
two of the regularly stalwart men had seemingly expired of pure fright, 
while Stone was slumped against the north wall, staring vacantly into the 
gloom, gibbering about visitations by beings so terrible that the very 
contemplation of their existence would sunder a man's tenuous hold on the 
reins of sanity. 
When I later visited him at the sanatorium in England, I found him to be a 
tragic shell of the man I once knew, a man beset by imagined terrors and 
ever wary of the immemorial horrors which he claimed lurked at the periphery 
of humanity's perceptions. Indeed, I was glad I had taken a journal into 
which I could transcribe his delusional rants, for he had a great deal to 
tell me about The Dreamer In The Catacombs Of Ur: